Hello Chicago, how are you?
I'm fine too.
Guess what everybody?
Harmontown is a session.
Won't you welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Chicago!
Oh, alright.
Theater town, finally.
My people.
Fuck all those other cities.
So tired of fakin' it, Jeff.
Oh Austin, I love it because we're in Texas.
Safe to say it because they won't hear us anymore.
Fuck those people.
I felt like I was doing mental sit-ups, you know?
Pretending to be happy in all those cities when Chicago is the only reason we came out.
Yeah, up here is New York.
Who wants to perform in New York? It's dumb.
Nobody!
Especially Brooklyn, what an unhip burrow.
Anyways, Jeff, improv was invented here.
Is it true?
Yeah.
How many people in the crowd are improvisers or have improvised?
Well, get out your notepads.
Because historically, for the very first time tonight's Harmontown will be 100% pulled out of my ass.
I am tired, I'm tired of the countless rehearsals, I'm tired of the effort, I'm tired of going over this shit with people.
I am a bit of a taskmaster.
At 8 a.m. every day, Dan and I get up and I make him rehearse and rehearse the show.
Work on your raps.
Yeah, I know.
How many times do I have to tell you?
It's a-a-a-a-a-a. Not a-a-a-a-a-a.
Pussy rhymes with pussy, Dan. Just say it!
We found out last night that Pussy can possibly rhyme with Gary Bucey.
Yes.
If you sell it.
Someone in Bloomington, Indiana called out, like I said for the third time, because of course you would be rapping about fucking people's momma as I want to do.
you end up talking about her pussy.
If you make the mistake, Chicago, you know what I'm talking about.
First level workshops, this is taught in.
If you make the mistake of ending with pussy in your first line,
where are you gonna go?
And I was lamenting that on stage
and someone in Bloomington, Indiana called out,
Gary Busey.
And I ended the show and I took him in the green room
and I said, I don't know what the fuck you're trying to pull.
But if you ever want me or Rob Schneider to ever come here,
again, you take your fucking snotty little Midwestern bullshit
back to the Midwest.
I'm going to Chicago, which is also in the Midwest,
but it's like a New Yorkie kind of city
where they invented improv.
And if I want to hear what rhymes with pussy,
I'll find out at Second City.
You little piece of shit.
You little fuck Todd Jacobson.
Age 19, whose address is 4-3-2-8.
I'm reading this off of a piece of paper.
Viewing podcast land.
Wilshire Boulevard.
Wait, there's a Wilshire Boulevard.
It doesn't matter.
Let's start over.
So Chicago invented improv.
So we're gonna make up the whole show tonight.
They invented wind.
So that doesn't really have any effect on us.
We're indoors.
The typewriter was invented here.
George Washington died here.
Illinois, the 50th state to leave the Union in the pre-Civil War.
A lot of people don't know this.
I'm sure Chicago knows because they were here.
There was a pre-Civil War where the North North
and the North South fought to see who would attack the South first.
Did you know that?
I knew that.
A lot of these assholes didn't know.
Obviously, they're not there.
They're staring at me like I'm some kind of fat idiot
who got fired from his own show, came to Chicago
to try to get people to make him sign stuff
so he could feel better.
I have an essence, Dan.
You got two new shows in the works.
No, I don't.
Well, you have a CBS show and a Fox show.
I conned two giant corporations
that are giving me a great deal of money.
They love corporations.
I wanted Bob Greenblatt to know I was employable.
I'm sure he really keeps himself up at night going,
I hope I can prove him wrong by firing him
and then I wanted him to read in the press
that I could work for two networks at once.
Let's say that...
So I took their money and then I got in a bus
and I came out here.
And you've been shirking your responsibilities.
You turned in the CBS thing,
but you have not turned in the Fox thing, right?
I have not.
When was that due?
December-ish.
But, you know, in my defense,
like what I do isn't really a schedulable thing.
You don't go up to a plumber and say,
unclog my toilet.
Yes, you do.
That's exactly what you say to a plumber.
Because there's a leak, can you say?
My basement is flooded.
Yeah, but he tells you I'll be there between 10 and 9.
Yeah, and then he comes.
Well, yeah, but he gives you a big wide thing and then...
But it's a day.
He does come, yeah.
All right, so I'm like a plumber that doesn't come.
But I unclog more than a toilet, Jeff.
I unclog America's lack of entertainment.
And that's worth waiting a couple of extra months.
Thank you, Chicago.
I knew you'd get me.
Now, let's say that both shows, you know,
in a magical, perfect universe,
your CBS show, your Fox show, both get picked up.
That's not going to happen.
But let's just say...
Okay, okay, okay.
Let's just say...
Let's all join Jeff's weird peppermint world.
Where gum drops are shoes.
What happens there?
A deer licks my balls and the salt makes him strong
and he gets accepted by his dear friends.
I don't even...
Why are you saying what you're saying?
Sorry, I didn't...
I can't believe you're wasting this good stuff
and you haven't turned in your fast strip yet.
Pippermint shoe balls.
What do you want to know?
I'm saying in a world where both of your shows get picked up
and now you're forced to be a guy that you can't do both.
But let's say that you could.
Let's say that you were the showrunner and creator
of both a CBS multi-camera show
and a Fox single-camera show.
Which...
Would you get fired off one or more of them?
I went...
Well, my hope...
The supposition was that I wouldn't get fired from any of them
because remember how I was on an adult swim show
coming in 2014?
So there was a hope.
The hope was that by diversifying my asshole folio
that I would now create a situation
because at the risk of sounding defensive
and self-aggrandizing and possibly psychotic
a little Mansonian and perhaps a little Koreshian
and with just a pinch of Busey...
I think as far as I can tell in my crazy brain
the reason I keep getting fired
is because I have too much time to focus on the job
and I keep, you know, going like,
yeah, but what if it could be a really, really, really good show?
And then after a while like it's very annoying
to people around me, you know?
So you're saying by scattering your focus this much...
So here was my fantasy, okay, in your gumdrop world.
I wake up, okay, it's Monday, it's 9 a.m.
And I wake up.
All right, so I'm going to take the mic out
so I can move around and give this space work.
Watch this Improv Olympic students.
It's 9 a.m.
What time did I get to bed last night on this clock
that I'm holding up?
Got home at 3 and made love to my girlfriend
who I'm able to maintain a relationship with
while running three shows
because I'm able to get an erection
because none of these three networks
are run by Bob Greenblatt.
So my dick gets hard mysteriously out of nowhere.
I'll just be sitting around and my dick will get hard
and my blood is allowed to go into the little valves.
Time to go to work in my giant car
with a cow catcher on the front.
I don't know what...
It's got diamonds on the thing.
You know, entering your car.
It's 2014.
You have three new messages in your car.
Sorry. Sorry.
I'm programmed to make you feel better about yourself
by stumbling over words.
That'll do amazing AI car.
Let's hear those three messages while I drive
to my first, the first job.
First, new message sent today at 8.30 a.m.
Hey, Dan, it's your masseuse.
Just wanted to let you know, man.
Dude, it was so relaxing massaging you.
Sent, 8.47 a.m.
Oh, no. Not going to worry about it.
Got a cow catcher.
8.47 a.m.
Hey, Dan, it's CBS.
It's calling you to let you know.
Great job. Great job in the script.
Great idea with the dog.
8.50.
All right, so getting out.
Third message from my girlfriend.
She'll understand. Work comes first.
All right.
Here I am.
I'm here at CBS for my first day of work.
Bzzz. Bzzz.
Oh, God, I felt so bad about hitting that cow
that we brought it into the writer's room
and it's working for us now.
And actually, we won an Emmy.
We just milked it onto a piece of paper
and let it dry and it was amazing.
I had to sweeten the laughs a little bit.
You know, everything needs coaxing.
What's going on?
Gary, fuck nuts.
My showrunner, because I'm just the creator.
I just fucking hang out and I'm creative.
Amazing.
Got a great idea for a pitch.
What if Douglass decides to change the way he dresses
for an episode and he wants to go basketball
but he's allergic to shrimp
so he ends up dressing totally different
and then we'll...
Thought balloon over my head.
That sounds like a really shitty idea.
I'd kill myself before I watched that.
Second thought balloon over my head.
You keep getting fired.
Stop it.
Gary, you're promoted.
I want to take a quick nap in my office.
Hey, that gives me a great idea for an episode.
Hey, what if his voice trail's off?
What if so-and-so took a nap in his office?
Open the window in my office.
Climb out.
Natalie, AI car.
Pulling up to your predetermined escape route.
Take me to Fox, Natalie.
Hey, play that third message.
I heard play turd massage.
God damn it, it's just fucking technology.
That's the most stressful thing that'll happen to me all day.
Play the third message.
Hey, it's Erin McGathy.
I published another random collection of your babblings
and it made a million dollars.
Oh, great.
Hey, get yourself a dildo.
Now arriving at Fox Studios.
Hey, hey.
Whoa, did you hear the news?
Golden Globe.
Yeah.
Dude, I was just over at my CBS job.
Those fucking assholes,
they think they're making a good TV show
just because it's eight times as many people watch it.
We're making art over here, right?
Because only 17 million people are watching.
So what do you got?
Well, we had this idea that Spookless
would want to dress differently.
But then he'd dress differently
and because he's allergic to squid,
that then he would say,
but then he'd stop because I remember that Obed character
and he would look at the camera
and he'd go, what am I doing?
What am I, Douglas from CBS?
You're amazing.
That's great. It's a little meta.
It's still Fox. It's got an edge.
I like it.
I'm going to go in my office and take a nap.
Hey, you gave me a great idea.
What if he said he was taking a nap
but he knew he was taking a nap?
No.
Bessie, just go in there and punch up the script.
Natalie, bring the cowcatcher mobile around.
Take me to Adult Swim.
Wait, stop on 3rd and Dope Dealer Street.
Hey, Mike. Hey, Mr. Harmon.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Mike, what race are you?
I'm an Eskimo, Mr. Harmon.
Just checking.
Just checking and clarifying.
You sounded a little sky-cappy there.
Now make with the drugs and the blubber.
Thank you.
Because I'm going to Adult Swim
where 30 people are going to watch.
But it's all about fucking excitement.
Hey, everybody. Hey, it's me, your friends.
We're all your friends now.
We don't know what the fuck we're doing, but we're your friends.
What do you got for me?
We don't have shit. We don't know what to do
and you're not here. We're your friends.
What the fuck's happening?
We just got high the whole time and we're gone.
We're really freaking out.
Hey, guys, take it easy.
What if we did an episode about people freaking out
drawing a circle on the board?
Yeah, we're freaking out.
We're causing a threshold. God is telling us to follow.
Who's saying you're fucking genius?
Please give me a job every time. Holy shit.
I can't believe it. I'm so fucking high.
I'm freaking out.
It's fucking great, man. Fading. I'm freaking out.
Hey, you got a phone call from the president of Adult Swim.
Hey, Lazzo, how's it going?
Hey, man, I just want to let you know I'm so fucking high.
I love this fucking show, man.
I love everything on Adult Swim.
I don't give a shit. Nobody's watching.
I don't give a fucking fucking...
I got a fucking pickle in my ear.
I got an antenna on my head.
I'm in Atlanta. I don't have any political reason
to fuck around with anybody.
I'm just having a great life and fucking living my dreams.
It's fucking great.
Television's for fun.
Hey, you weren't speaking for the whole time.
We were rubbing our dicks in the front. I love that.
I love that. We didn't mean to do it.
We weren't doing it out of disrespect.
We just love rubbing our dicks and stuff. We're so high.
All right, guys.
Whoa, what time is it? 3 p.m.?
That's about as my fantasy.
So, here was the...
Here was the reality, really.
Hey, can I have a bazillion dollars
to write a show?
Yeah, yeah, we're really excited
because we really respect you here at Fox.
And, yeah, we really respect you here at CBS, too.
We'll slow down, Fox, at CBS.
I can only write one show
for one network, right?
I guess I should go with Fox,
because I'll probably fuck up more at CBS
because, you know, tastes are so different.
All right, Fox, I'll take a bunch of money from you.
All right, CBS, okay.
Sorry, I said yes to Fox.
Yeah, but you can write one for us, too.
I can?
Jesus Christ, that's really going to piss Bob Greenblatt off,
I think, in my weird dumb mind
like he ever thinks about me.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for all the money, guys.
When are you going to be done with the script?
Dude, I'm so fast and fucking crazy.
It only took me a week to write a community episode
because it had to be done in a week
and I had 20 people helping me.
As far as I can remember,
I'm a really fast writer.
I can't remember past two and a half years
because I'm always high.
I'm a really fast writer.
Okay, I'll give you guys a script.
I'll have to be done before Christmas
because after Christmas, I only have a week
to prepare for going on a tour
where I go and masturbate to audiences
and do shit like this
that inevitably gets me fired
because when they hear it, they're going to be mad
because it sounds disrespectful.
Okay, all right, but it won't matter
because I'll have to turn in these great scripts,
so who cares?
Okay, bye, bon voyage, we love you.
Let's see, just unbutton my pants.
Put on the internet.
30 days later.
Almost finished.
Oh, I'm still coming.
No!
I didn't know I was into that.
Oh, it burns.
Oh.
Oh, the creative process.
It shapes and it burns.
I had to come up with new ways
to get hard.
Oh, every drop.
All right, 12 hours left.
Let's start on that CBS thing.
Time to go to Europe.
Oops, okay, well...
CBS, hey man, fucking genius, you're amazing.
We love you, we're very supportive of you.
We're good people, we make good television.
Just want to check in with you.
Guys, it's almost done. What the fuck?
Uh...
Like...
CBS, Dan just made a jerk-off motion
if you're listening on the podcast.
It suckers tongue out and it made a jerk-off thing.
Bit of a snag.
I'll have to write it on the plane.
I mean, fuck it.
You know, the altitude gets me high.
Uh...
It also gets me horny. I'm going to go in the bathroom
of the airplane.
12 hours later, oh, international flight.
I can't come anymore. Oh, I'm coming so hard.
Now landing in London.
Hey, good day, mate.
What?
Welcome to...
That's where the flight took so long.
You got rerouted to Brisbane.
Go back, you got 28 hours
to write your screenplay now.
You landed in Brisbane.
Oh, I'm jerking off tomorrow.
Oh, I never...
I didn't know Matthew McConaughey was in this many movies.
I'm going to watch all of them.
Now arriving in London.
Oh, cheerio!
Uh... Dan.
Dan, it's Christmas time.
We agreed to spend this time
at Christmas with Rob and Kate.
We were going to go eat
Christmas dinner in London.
Do you understand what it's like to be a genius?
Do you understand how fucking creative I am?
Why can't you be a better girlfriend?
What the fuck?
You think I wanted to be behind deadline?
Merry Christmas to me.
Go have fun.
Go eat your figgy pudding.
I'm going to be here trying to write this script.
Okay, all right, fine.
We'll try to make our own fun in London.
Jesus Christ, going to fucking fade in
on me jerking off!
Oh!
They have the Internet in London too.
I'm going to be here.
Oh!
It's just clear what's coming out.
I'm feeling...
Ah!
I had to use a coat hanger.
Um...
I don't know.
I don't know what it means either.
You guys reacted like you do know what it means.
There must be a way to jerk off
with a coat hanger.
Did you get yourself pregnant and had a weird...
I don't know.
Chicago reaction, but...
I mean, I think it just might be a
revulsion rather, a gross...
I could have said fire hydrant.
Maybe they would have reacted that way.
I think they would have gone, huh?
I said coat hanger and they were like,
whoa, not the number 52!
Chicago style, whoa!
Deep dish jerking off with a coat hanger.
It's the secrets in the water.
We ship it in from New York.
Um, all right.
So, yeah, whatever.
Just react for the sake of it.
It doesn't matter.
So, skip the Christmas vacation.
I ruined Christmas because I'm like,
look, I would have loved to have not taken
where I got two scripts to write.
I got two scripts to write.
Get back home.
Okay, I'll just finish them up
right before we go on this tour.
Okay, we're going on the tour.
All right, I'll write the scripts on the tour.
Yeah, I'm being filmed.
Oh, it's a movie.
Am I making a movie? Yeah!
Hey, what's it like to be so smart?
I don't know. Yeah, I'm producing the movie.
Am I being smart? Yeah, I'm paying for the whole thing.
Uh, here you go, CBS.
Hey, I did it. I did it.
I did it. I wrote a script.
Okay, we have a couple notes.
Yeah, that should be easy. I can knock that out in a day.
Do you promise? What do you mean?
Chris, you'll be done in a day.
Six days later.
Yeah!
Okay, there you go.
We're on the tour bus most of the time.
Is that what's going on when you close a little bunk curtain?
At this point, it's become a figurative...
No, I haven't...
The irony is that the masturbation only began
when the physical masturbating stopped.
Okay.
When you're in a giant phallic bus
containing you and a camera crew
asking you questions about yourself,
you really don't need your dick
to be involved anymore.
You're just...
The whole world is your pussy right now.
Yeah.
So,
CBS script gets finished.
Fox one is not.
There's a point where Fox says,
listen, really, it has to be done.
Okay, can I have two more days?
We'll...
In one and a half days,
they're going to start making a lot of their decisions.
It's a practical answer.
Okay, so I'll try to get to one and a half days.
Yeah, because really, at that point,
you're kind of, you know,
we'll have to, you know, take it a slower path,
meaning that, you know, all these other scripts
are going to get picked up and you'll be kind of behind the flock.
Okay, all right, good.
So, one and a half days later, I'm like,
fuck it, it's not finished.
So, party time.
When was this, a couple days ago?
Yeah, it was like, Saturday afternoon
was the day that I kind of, like, you know,
if I had a shot, I would have, like,
turned something into them.
And then I didn't, so then I was like,
okay, the upside of that
is that let's stop
burdening the tour with...
And so I started, I was just like,
let's have a glass of Kettle One and let's do
some of these shows, like, unburdened.
Then today, I was at a bar
here in Chicago and I got an email from Fox
that was like, script?
And I was like,
I can't really, I don't have
any right to be outraged by any of this.
So, it's like, this whole thing reminds
me of being in college.
I'm a procrastinator and I'm always behind
schedule and everything,
but your professor is Fox.
Like, that's...
And it's not getting an A or an F.
I think it's just being eight years old
and, like, not cleaning your room
which is festooned with your own
shitty diapers, which you shouldn't
be shitting in anymore because you're eight.
And, like, you smearing
them all over your own walls
and then your parents coming in and going,
this is like shit. You might have
a better time in your life
if you stopped, like, shitting
everywhere and raping it out.
And you sucking your thumb and going,
it hurts when you say that!
But we're podcasting this show every night.
Presumably, somebody at each of those networks
is listening to all of this, right?
Yeah, I know, but that's more shit on the wall.
That's self-destruction. It's like,
something's gonna get...
So, you could get fired before these shows ever get picked up.
That could set a new record, yes, is what you're saying.
I have to be the Chuck Yeager
of something, Jeff.
It's not gonna be quality television.
It's gonna have to be,
like, I have to, like...
My hope is by the age of 45
I will be able to write backwards
and get fired in reverse.
Like, I'll actually
enter a parallel universe where I'm
promoted all the time.
Because everything is, like, I've inverted,
like, some kind of balloon.
Now, it'll be fine. I'm exaggerating.
I think CBS is very happy with their script.
It's probably gonna be a big hit.
I don't care.
And I'll edit all this out.
I went a little overboard with the honesty tonight.
It's a little self-destructive.
And nobody...
There's a gal engaging you over here.
This lady works at Fox.
Okay.
She said she got a message from Eric Acosta
who works on the Adult Swim show
and they need me back immediately.
Is that true?
Wait, are your friends with Eric Acosta?
Yeah?
Did he send you here as his minion?
No.
Okay.
I mean, nobody needs me back there immediately.
It's a very fun show. It's a right.
The more they feel that way,
the funner the show will get.
Someone had a question over here?
A very well-spoken gentleman
over here has a question.
All right.
I mean, well, number one,
I kind of make a wish.
You're kind of a make-a-wish?
That's neither a question nor a statement.
Well...
But it does sound like entertainment dynamite.
Get out of here.
Do you want me to just come up and come up before?
Because...
Make-a-wish implies that he's dying.
I'm going to get pretty grim up here.
I already brought you down talking about my career.
I'm prepared to share the tears.
It's not good.
I have a make-a-wish,
but it's just because I want you to make me a drink.
Oh.
That's one. I have two drinks.
Because you're dying of thirst.
I would play that up.
He's dying of thirst, you guys.
I just kind of want...
Well, you know, I was really...
Honestly, I came here.
I was just like...
I mean, I have...
Go on.
I have a situation.
I have a situation called alcoholism.
All right.
Me too.
And I was just really hoping
that Dan Harmon would make me a drink.
That's not the cure for alcoholism.
He doesn't know that.
It's part of the affliction,
is you don't know that.
I have a different question besides that.
Okay.
And I don't know if this will...
I don't want to get deep or whatever,
but friends.
Okay, here's my question.
Friends.
How can you make friends with the audience?
No, no, no, no.
Reveal.
You have routine that and ask for world peace.
Not that at all.
My question was,
obviously, I mean,
you portray yourself as an asshole.
And I think of myself as an asshole.
Like, I am shitty to people.
Like, left and right.
And now...
And you portray yourself as that.
And whatever.
But so, how...
How have you been able
to surround yourself
with people that are actually talented?
Like, Rob Chrop is...
He's a smart man.
And then you got
all the channel 101 crowd.
And they're all...
I mean, you've got a lot of good people
in your situation.
So you're asking Dan
what makes him less of an asshole than you?
Not quite.
Close.
Very close.
More like, why...
Why are you able
to have talented people around you?
And the...
Are you saying...
Am I getting your...
Come on, you know...
I don't...
Are you guys the worst?
If I'm getting your question right,
what you're asking is,
you watch what I do,
and you say to yourself,
well, I've got the I'm an asshole part down.
And you want to know where the success comes in.
What am I not doing right?
I'm tapping my nose.
Like, straight.
I mean, my answer is going to sound
self-aggrandizing.
I'm going to say, I have good taste in people,
or I'm going to say...
I've seen you like at...
I went to Wisconsin,
so I've seen your brother's ad even,
like when you did the Brothers Subs
bullshit.
Right, Cousins Subs, yeah.
Yeah, sorry.
No, it was...
Yeah, exactly.
No, he was a young pimply dude,
talented people.
So...
Well, how does that explain
this moment right now?
I obviously don't have
like, untalented repellent.
I don't just say it.
I'm not just saying it.
So,
you're a talented person,
and also awful.
Right. I mean, by your own
admission.
So you've been able to find a community.
The answer, my friend...
It's a rap battle!
Breakdown, Chicago style.
I'm rapping weak, I'm rapping wild.
Got my man, I can't remember his name
on the stage.
Yo, rage.
Doesn't matter what I do.
Bars set so low, I can...
shoot.
Gonna rap a while, gonna hand him the mic
and hear his rapping style.
Go right.
So,
I just wanted to ask you about
the mean of operation.
And then I thought that
I just wanted to give you a little bit
of fashion
with my dick.
Because, apparently, that's how it goes.
And that might be kind of sick.
Wait! Hold up!
Just wanted to say
I woke up this morning
and thought I'd get some food
and then I thought, what might be kind of good, dude?
I thought it might go
on home.
And I...
Ran, your question was what?
I just ruined everything.
No, you didn't.
I mean, for yourself alone, really.
There is no...
They're not...
They're booing you because
that's part of the story.
You're not the hero, you're not the hero.
They're cheering you
by booing Darth Vader.
Darth Vader owns it.
Darth Vader goes, yes, keep booing.
He doesn't go like, right?
What? I didn't close someone's throat
and shut with the force.
I'm not. I don't.
How do you...
on Tatooine?
What's your secret with the...
How do you...
I'm evil. I want to suck the fucking life
out of your show and your universe.
I want control.
I want power.
I have a fucking face shaped like a skull
with a Nazi helmet on it.
That makes him a hero
to his own people, at least.
I'm going to curl into a ball with Jeff
right now.
Like, I...
I can't find it.
Like...
This is the only comfort I find.
You're doing it wrong.
Ryan, everybody.
Thank you for Ryan.
Ryan.
Fuck it.
Here, Ryan.
Really?
What do you think of what I'm thinking?
What?
Okay, all right.
Yeah.
Discretion.dot.vowler.
I was just thinking like,
like, you know, like if you...
you know, if you just...
into the spin, you know,
like when you're driving on the ice.
Where did you get the little Dorothy Parker hat
you had on there for a while?
The Eric Acosta messenger had a little
Dorothy Parker hat which doubled as a can go
to hit the fan.
All right, so enough about my career.
Let's bring Spencer up right now, everybody.
Yeah.
Chicago.
Right? Yeah.
Yeah.
He is the dungeon master.
The earlier, yeah.
We should have brought him up moments ago.
Yeah.
They love you, Spencer. We love you.
God. Thanks, guys.
Spencer, I see you're wearing pants.
He can wear shorts all day today and not be bothered by it.
I got nothing but tweets from people saying
wear pants, bundle up.
You're a pussy.
Like, I'm just like over it.
Well, people take their weather seriously.
I don't take your guys's weather seriously.
I could be rocking shorts.
I'm concerned about your own well-being.
People care about your health now, Spencer.
Well, fuck them.
Wow.
No, no, thanks. I appreciate your concern.
Spencer, I understand that you had
your first deep dish pizza today.
I said...
I said Spencer did.
Yeah.
I also took my first shit in Chicago.
No, no, your pizza's good.
Your pizza's good.
I like you guys and your pizza.
So flattered.
They rolled up the red carpet for us here.
This is the warmest audience I've ever...
It's amazing. What a cool room.
In front of...
It's like being in the actual Second City Main Stage,
but without all the political shame.
No.
Speaking of which,
I met somebody outside before the show
that I wanted to roll the dice on,
so to speak, like, bringing up.
I wanted the audience to meet him
and see if he provides as much joy
for them as he...
I was very entertained
by this guy.
Is it Ben? Ben, are you here?
The...
Over here. He's over here.
Oh, there you are. Okay.
Are you willing to come up?
Can you come up?
This is Ben.
This one on. Check, check, check.
You take that one.
Do however you want. I want you to do your thing.
Thank you.
I feel like marionette strings have been attached
and now the monkey has to dance.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Being exploited is fine.
It's cool.
It's good. It's like...
It's the rigor. It's what people do now.
That's how the world works.
How old are you?
16.
They're good.
You're aspiring filmmaker.
I have to turn the crowd against you.
Yeah, absolutely.
The marionette strings have been attached.
But really, it was your...
Like...
I don't know how to not put you on the spot,
but I wanted to kind of...
I just wanted to talk to you a little bit,
because you were very flattering before the show
and I also thought the audience might be a little charmed with you,
but now they're going to feel compelled to.
But then again, your lead-in couldn't have been better.
Um...
Yeah.
You're safe and secure here.
It's not...
Yeah.
You could lift up your shirt
and Hitler's face could be tattooed
on you and start speaking
and he would still kill.
Um...
But I just want to...
I don't know.
I'm not a good interviewer, Ben.
No, that's okay. I can babble.
That's totally fine.
It's like building upon the babbling.
You know, it's weird that
when I started, you know, watching community
and started...
You know, there's...
It's a culture of obsession.
And I like being...
And just speaking generally,
I think...
I like the whole geek concept bothers me,
because I think it's more important to
like things than to like the concept of liking things.
So that's why...
I, you know...
There's fetishization that's occurred,
you know, where it's like, I don't like...
You know, I'm not passionate about filmmaking.
I'm not passionate about Hitler.
Or, you know,
whatever. I'm just...
I just like liking things, you know.
And so, like, on top of that,
part...
And so that's, you know, I kind of...
You sort of grew up on that wavelength when I read about...
You know, when I read about you.
And so I think that's fascinating
and that's great.
But, like, I was reading it.
There was like this
bizarre sense of
empathy building that I...
It's like, oh, I don't idolize Dan Harmon.
There's like this weird empathy.
And I realized, you know, that's not like,
oh, I'm so flattered thing.
Oh, I'm an obnoxious 15-year-old boy.
What that means, though, is that
for whatever reason...
Were you 15, though?
Oh, sorry. Well, my birthday was on January 7th.
So there's a time fluctuation.
I had to figure out where I was 16 years ago.
And if I...
Where would you have been 16 years ago?
Oh, when you were 16.
No, exactly. Very much so.
I mean, he would have...
He would have...
Ben, your name? Yeah.
Is your mama here tonight? No.
Thank heavens for that. Thank heavens.
But, like, building on top of that,
so we have the general mutilation
and the liking general mutilation,
not liking general mutilation.
Back it up. Back it up.
You can generalize it. Back that thought up.
I'm sorry. It's like I associated
filmmaking or whatever
with general mutilation. I don't know why.
Jeff, Jeff,
control him.
Can I...
It's out of control right now, man.
Well, so am I sometimes.
I want to go back to the point.
Ben, you met Dan in line today?
I absolutely did, yeah.
And how did you make the leap from what he was doing
with general mutilation?
I thought he was masturbating so much.
Yeah, well, here's the thing, though, that...
Ben, have you started masturbating?
Absolutely, I have.
You have? Yeah.
Prove it.
We're all going to jail tonight, everybody.
And CBS is going to bail us all out.
Yeah.
Now, are you sorry?
I want to introduce a possibility
because you're a Joseph Campbell fan.
And that's like the heuristic
through which, you know, you view the world.
Which is great. So like, here's the thing.
In your heuristic,
at least the personas heuristic,
you're Jango, right?
Except you're not Black
and you're not Jamie Foxx.
But you're sort of...
It's like that narrative, right?
Of freeing yourself.
And I am, you know, self-actualizing.
But here's the thing.
Have you entertained the possibility
that you're actually Samuel L. Jackson
and that...
Or like, as a point, someone else is going to become Jango.
Have you entertained the possibility
that you are me?
No, no, no, no, no.
That's why I brought you up.
I am so narcissistic
that I'm so entertained by you.
Because...
You're in the middle of the stage, Dan.
I'm sitting stage left, he's stage right.
It's like perspective is shrinking you.
Yeah.
And sending you back in time.
We just need...
In his right, we just need a six-year-old child going...
I mean, I don't mean...
Give me a bottle.
I just mean...
Because the world being what it is now,
he's an earlier...
He's a prodigy, you.
Like, if you're a chess champion,
he's a chess champion in an earlier age than you are.
He got his shit more together, yeah.
I mean, ladies, come on, Ben.
I have to push him off the acropolis tonight.
On my pointy.
He's 16, ladies.
He likes to mutilate those genitals.
He's already started masturbating.
That means...
Yeah.
Biologically, you can get out on the ground.
Ben, I hate to tell anybody sexual advice,
but you don't have to mutilate yourself
to masturbate right.
There's lotions and whatnot.
Oh, dear. His coke just fell off.
I can't know that.
But my point was, like,
the idea is to sort of...
Ben, are you carrying a gun right now,
by any chance?
Well, the easy thing to do is to come up and...
and...
See, he's already learned...
Sometimes you just blow past your...
The easy thing to do is to come up and idolize you.
And I wanted to insult you first
so that the idolizing felt more personal
and more true.
The 25-year-old dude didn't get that.
Like...
He came up and was like...
Well, I'm gonna gain his respect, please.
He's gonna...
Well, it's like, you know,
the community is great
because it's like, you know, how to relate to people.
And...
You know, and so, you know,
you're huge. You provide
people like me...
Like, it's like, here, I'm...
Wait, let me... Can I...
No, I...
I'm an obnoxious...
This is like a matter and anti-matter.
Yeah.
I'm 16, which means that I'm obnoxious
and narcissistic, and then I see someone
who is publicly obnoxious
and narcissistic, and also...
40.
So, like I am
at 15, and I think, hey,
I, you know, filmmaking
is really hard to do and really hard to be successful in,
but if me with a
dashing beard, Pirate Man,
can do it, maybe I can,
you know, and so that's the thought.
Yeah, thank you. That's why I want to...
Yeah, that's amazing.
I'm leaving town with...
Give us a...
Ryan, before we do that, Ryan,
you're 15, 16, we can't get a straight
answer out of you on that.
Where do you see yourself at
40 years old with Danis right now?
If you had your pie-in-the-sky dreams,
where would you be at 40?
Well...
Aim big, like, shoot for the moon.
Yeah, well...
Don't be bashful.
I know that you're normally
a very bashful fellow,
but I want you to come out of your shell
for once in your life, and tell us
where you think you, like, if you could have your dream,
where would you be at 40 years old?
Well, you know,
again, I think Joseph Campbell again.
was it Joseph Campbell who said
all your bliss, so the dream shouldn't be
I want to have all the money,
all the cars, all of the mamas.
The dream...
This is the effect I'm having
with the podcast. This is the new generation coming out.
Yeah, the dream that the person you...
The generation of mama fuckers.
Yeah, you're corrupting the youth,
but the, you know, the dream is you...
with the vodka,
you seem happy. You seem to have followed
the bliss, you know.
That's a good takeaway for a 16-year-old.
I'm glad. You have the vodka.
I mean, you seem, you know,
you seem to be happy
and surround by people who like what they're doing.
But what do you want, Ben? What do you want for yourself?
Exactly. You want to be an alcoholic 40-year-old
with a beard?
If that's what...
If you're following your bliss, and if this is, like, you know,
living as closely as you can
to being happy and feeling like
you're, you know...
If... Hold on.
Yeah, no, I'm gonna... If life is essentially
being... I feel like you'd be...
I feel like you'd be very good selling newspapers
in the corner in the 30s.
Yeah.
Get you a little hat.
Just give us a topic.
Do you think you could talk simultaneously with me?
We'll just both address the topic at the same time.
Yes. Fun fact.
So just ignore him. Don't listen
to me, and I won't listen to you.
But just talk to them. Yeah.
Leave more. Just open your mind.
Talk straight out. Don't listen to Dan.
Don't listen to Ben.
Precisely.
40 years, and I've been doing this for 16 years, so it's like...
Okay.
Wait, what's the...
Do we get a topic?
Yeah, what's the topic? Narcissism.
Oh!
Yeah, yeah. Yourself.
Narcissism is the word that I
use most often because
it's from a myth that
someone is looking into a stream
at themselves.
And the myth is originally
turned into a plant by doing it,
which means that you never
close your eyes
when you look at me
anymore.
And figuring
into the extent that you're honest about it,
if you knew how to be honest about it,
you would be able to liberate yourself.
Like, there's a version of Narcissism
that doesn't have to be a plant.
He could get up and walk around and be Narcissist,
but not be a plant.
And then this is...
It's not really sad and existential.
Ben and Dan, everybody.
Thank you, Ben.
Ben, that was magnificent.
Of course you can ask me
a question after the show.
Can I ask you a question after
everything I do so that I
can not kill myself?
I want to check in
with Ben after every
decision I make.
Any time.
Where are you sitting?
Okay, go back there.
His brother is cool too. Don't get too jealous.
He's one year older and he's getting all the attention,
but it's just because
next year I'll have you up.
His brother wants to be a graphic designer
and Ben wants to be a director.
It's Ryan, right?
Richard. I knew that.
We both know Richard's a cooler name
and that graphic designers are more creative
than directors.
You're an unsung hero.
You're going to have more of an impact than him,
but he'll be over there garnering all the attention
and then probably
auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Auto-erotic mutilation.
Wow.
I mean, I think he meant
manipulation, genital manipulation.
I don't think he did, Dan.
That guy doesn't strike me
as somebody who misspeaks.
I think
we're talking about a mutilated penis.
Was I wrong to bring him up?
Was that a bad instinct?
If you met him before a show,
wouldn't you be like,
could you come up and meet a couple of friends of mine?
I thought you might.
If you're walking out of beach and you stub your toe
on an old-timey lantern,
you have to rub it.
You have to mutilate it.
Until there's nothing left.
All right.
Should we
put Spencer on the spot?
Excuse me, I'm burping.
You okay, Dan?
You need some prilosec, you all right?
No, I don't need prilosec.
Since the night we asked for it,
people have been bringing prilosec
like just ancient people
to some druidic temple.
It's a very expensive drug.
Prilosec, it's heartburn medicine.
I mentioned that I needed some
in Somerville,
and then people
are bringing prilosec
like a weird
druidic ritual.
It's shameful and amazing
and cool.
Why do you have such a bad heartburn?
I don't know, I have to go in and get it checked out
because I was just noticing today I saw a commercial for it
and Larry the Cable Guy is the new spokesman for it.
So I was like,
I got to get off this train.
That certainly is a signpost.
I never bothered to read the box,
but I bothered to read the fine print
on the commercial.
It said,
don't take it for 14 days
and don't take it for more than
four months. I've been taking prilosec
for like fucking, I don't know,
season two of Community Like I Started.
I got to go to the doctor again.
I'm sure it's related to
Popeye's spinach here.
I'm sure it's not great on your epiglottis.
It probably wore down maybe the flap
above the Bip Bap
and then maybe stomach acid
gets up more. That's a guess.
I'm not a doctor, but
here's what the doctors did when I went to them.
I went to my regular doctor. I said,
I'm having frequent heartburn. He said,
how frequent? I said, it's this frequent.
He said, okay, you should go to a specialist.
I'm like, great, that's what I expected you to say
and that's how it goes. He gave me a referral.
I went to this guy, the specialist.
I went into the specialist.
The specialist said, what do you have?
This is frequent. He said, okay,
get up on the table, take down your pants
and I was kind of like, he didn't
say, I mean, I could have said no.
He just
kind of took charge and was like,
get up on the table, take down your pants
and I was like, okay, and I took down my pants
and he's like, roll over
and he stuck his finger.
Are you sure he was a doctor? He stuck his finger
up my ass and felt around
and said, everything
seems fine.
No sign of external hemorrhids.
Two things I know aren't true.
The only things,
I know everything's not fine in my butthole.
It's my butthole.
I'm Dan Harmon.
I'm the butthole of people.
I know my butthole isn't fine.
It's not like, if you're
a butthole expert, you know,
I know that there's, I don't want to...
What part of heartburn
didn't you understand?
How does your butthole affect heartburn?
I don't know.
But after he did it, he gave me a
referral to a specialist.
And I didn't go, Jeff.
And, well, because
it fooled me twice.
I did the first...
The first guy did nothing. The second
guy raped me.
I'm going to send you to a guy named Ray Ray
and, uh...
Yeah, who's that guy refer you to?
The real doctor sent me to a rape
doctor.
And I don't mean a doctor that helps
rape victims. Obviously, I told you the story.
I meant, well, don't groan it. It's not a pun.
It's not he-haw.
Uh...
It's rape.
Whoever groaned that, you take rape too lightly.
Spencer, I'm going to try to...
I know you hate it. We're going to put you on the spot.
Spencer has a gift of creating monsters as
a Dungeon Master out of thin air.
The, uh...
Spencer?
Freestyle monster
DMing, uh...
The Proctologist.
With a creak, the door
opens.
Immediately, you feel something's not
right.
Take off your pants, he says.
It's all right, he says.
I'm a doctor, he says.
But no.
The Proctologist.
Yeah. He's good.
Thank you.
Spencer,
you're becoming a national treasure. You know that, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's awesome.
But...
Come on, give me a job.
Oh, yeah, we haven't asked you this.
If you had any job in the world, what would
your dream job be?
No, no, no.
Don't tell Apple this,
but I'm a PC user.
Nice.
D-Dishonest...
Dishonest Apple employee.
Wearing a smile that can only
be described as practiced.
The blue shirt
at a point, in process, asking
if you found everything okay.
But behind his eyes,
you can tell he doesn't really care.
That's all.
But, uh,
career, I don't know, man.
You should be a writer.
Do you ever write anything down? Do you write stuff?
I used to, like,
I can write when I'm prompted and I enjoy it,
but, like, unless I'm prompted
or have some reason to do it, I just won't do it at all.
Looks like Dan Harmon.
Yeah.
That's how I get the big bucks, baby.
I guess I'm on the right track.
Spencer, I'm being attacked.
I'm on a path and I'm attacked
by a writer's block.
What does it sound like?
A large block
interposes your path.
Looking around, you see
no obvious exits.
You sit down and see if you might
be able to hammer out a solution,
but none arrives.
It'll be a long night.
Your chinitals are mutilated.
Looking at the dripping mess
between your legs.
That's all.
That's all the time we have, folks.
Tim your way, staff.
Dripping mess, good heavens.
Yeah, it's a dungeon.
Spencer, I'm being attacked
by procrastination, specifically.
I'm a writer. I'm on an adventure.
I'm being attacked by the procrastination monster.
Sitting at your desk,
you come across a flash of insight,
but then
a tweet.
All right.
That was it, yeah.
He's Cal Ripken.
Yeah.
He really is.
The Sixler.
Sixler is an LL.
Guys keep saying Sixer.
Some guy in Germany is going to be getting
all these tweets.
We love you.
As in one who sixles.
What is the significance of Sixler?
It's time, you guys.
We're going to...
All right.
Let's reveal
Spencer's conjoined twin, the Fiveler.
Open your mind.
The funny thing is there is a Fiveler,
but the Sevenler doesn't exist.
Anyway,
we were playing a game that was kind of like
D&D, like a free form RPG
that my friend ran.
And he was trying
to be interesting and offbeat,
so for character creation, he drew
what was kind of like one of those
speaking, I don't know what they're called.
It was a circle with fucking drawings on it.
You can spell?
That's what I was thinking, but that's not what it is.
A C&C.
Like a farm animal noise machine.
C&C, right?
The cow goes moo.
Yeah, that's the one.
But it had objects, like it had a baseball
and a head of lettuce and a colander
and master chief from Halo.
And
so the idea was you pick two elements
and then he forms your character.
So I picked a bagel
and a burglar, and I became the bagler
and I didn't like that.
So I chose a six and a bagel
and I became the sixler.
And we played the game, and my friend was the colander,
and
it was a good game, like instead of rolling dice to hit,
we'd have to throw paper balls
through like his move outstretched arms,
like a circle.
And so it was actually kind of interesting, but
anyway, the sixler was
just a pretty cool dude
and a volcano exploded,
but he was fine, like he was right next to it
and was just like, I'm a cool dude.
And the lava didn't affect him.
And that just kept going on, like I'd step into traps
and the trap wouldn't affect me because I was a cool dude.
And
it wasn't my game, like
this was someone else's choice too, I could have died.
But
yeah, so and then I thought the sixler sounds
cool, like it's got an X, it's got
the X sound, it's got
L sounds, R sounds, S sounds, all your good sounds.
And
it's original enough to be an online
handle. It's not the sixler
42 or the sixler heart, you know,
one, four, three, seven,
but it was just the sixler. So
anytime I sign up for an internet,
I don't need, you know, numbers after it.
So I just kind of stuck.
Alright, that was practical and
practical and sentimental and
alright.
What do you think?
Is it time to
shift into the
oh god, yes.
Are you saying we should play D&D
right now?
Aaron
McGathey to the stage.
Erin McGathy.
And
wherever you want to make yourself
at home, you won't
be the first person to do
to wherever you want to be.
Did you throw a die up on stage?
I threw a die.
People are throwing
panties. Yeah, people are throwing
a multi-sided die.
He's the Tom Jones of D&D.
A pair of panties
is less of a threat than
hard, round objects.
You could choke on those.
And even if you don't,
there's a fine line between a die
and a rock. How many people
in this audience of about, I would say
300, how many of you have ever played
D&D?
All the people that got here first.
All those
who lined up.
Spencer has dispensed
the character sheets.
We should do a, D&D
has also become a chance to do a
relationship check-in with Aaron.
For those of you who listen to the
Pittsburgh show, it was a doozy.
Dan, I got
two more emails in the last
30 minutes. From the same person?
No, from different people
regarding the show. Three very
audience about the whole...
I did want to say to the person that wrote
Aaron an email, the subject line dial it
back.
Where they gave her a bunch of notes
along the lines of
whatever. Fuck you.
It was fair.
Only I get to
suggest
that Aaron needs to be somehow
psychologically broken.
She's the greatest
hero on the face of the earth forever
to hear me with her vagina
let alone her mind
and her soul.
It took
that, you reading that email to me
where someone was kind of on my side
in quotes for me to go, fuck
her, fuck me, fuck
everyone, you're the best.
You endure a lot and I'm so sorry.
Do we talk about those
emails or do we not want to engage
that person? You could read it, it's pretty interesting.
I could read it.
It seems like a dangerous path to one day.
That is true.
It's like serial killer rights to the
New York Times.
Read this or I'll kill again.
It's like, well, wait a minute.
I also, I don't think that
just to clarify, I don't think that this
email is unreasonable.
It's possible to be on this person's side
but don't write a fucking email
to a stranger and tell them they're business.
Why does a stranger is writing
emails?
How do they get your email address?
It's my podcast email.
Oh boy.
So I have several emails.
This one's about the Rhode Island show.
Goodness.
All right.
Hey everybody.
Sit back, relax. We're going to read a negative
email.
Hi, Erin McGathy.
Yes, I know I don't actually know you
but I am feeling compelled to write you after
listening to Harmontown in Rhode Island
because it sounds like you are about to
self-destruct.
You have to dial it back
with the needing constant affirmation
of Dan's unflinching love for you.
You will drive him crazy and this will
totally undermine your relationship.
Asking about his dirty comments
to the ladies at the previous show.
I'm not sure what she's referring to.
And then asking the audience if you should
feel bad about if Jeff
asking Dan.
If this was a nice email, I'd correct her
if she didn't.
If you should feel bad
about if Jeff asking Dan
about fetishes is a reflection of his lack
of respect for your relationship.
Sounds really ugly and petty and unnecessary
on your part.
I am almost the same age as Dan and got that Dan
was just joking and being dirty because
he has a dirty mind and that shit's funny.
I deserve him more than
you.
I deserve him
sitting in a room full
of people.
I got dumped by a writer
taking it out on Dan's
girlfriend.
Also Jeff
bring up fetishes is just
good controlling because it's a titillating
and taboo subject and therefore intriguing.
I agree, I agree, I agree.
Besides he didn't exclude the possibility
he
didn't exclude the possibility that maybe
you and Dan are working out new fetishes
together.
I don't think anything they say or do on stage personally.
It's just for the funny
and to make people think and possibly some sort
of therapy for Dan.
He sounds like he's feeling good on stage.
I think this may have been written by a zebra.
I started listening
to your podcast at the same time last year
and I am definitely a fan.
So I guess I'm just rooting for you and Dan
to continue through life together.
I really think you just don't
need to worry so much about his feelings for you.
He sounds way into you and that he
would be straight up if something was a problem.
So just relax and have fun.
Brace could go crazy about my new show
that isn't really important in the bigger picture
and it is a waste of time to dwell on it.
Signed the relaxation master.
Or signed Adam Schmoldberg.
Fascinating phenomenon where it's like you go
okay none of that I
disagree with, whatever.
That's exactly all the shit I would say to Aaron
like hey relax it's just a show.
Don't stop the track.
But fuck you lady.
It's a full time job being my girlfriend.
It's a horrible, horrible, did you see
backdraft? It's worse than that.
It's so much worse.
Fire is a living thing.
I won't read it.
I'll just paraphrase it.
I did get another email
which hit home.
From somebody who just
who heard the Pittsburgh show.
I got another email
about the Pittsburgh show in which
I
expressed some insecurity
but as Dan and I discussed earlier
today Dan and I had this really big fight
and...
No.
In a world
Dan and I had a really big fight
Dan talked about it on stage
and as I was sitting backstage I was thinking
about the fight and I was feeling very sad.
Went on stage and Dan said
hey was I dishonest about anything?
You've been backstage.
You haven't had a chance to say your side of the story.
Dan hadn't said anything dishonest
but I felt like just hearing
him talk about it again made me feel
upset but instead of saying
yeah that fight made me feel upset.
I latched on to something that was more
shallow. This bit about
masturbating to a 17 year old
volleyball player.
Which I
got an email saying
hey like Harmontowns for fun
and this feels terrible as for sadness.
So.
Which I was like
I think my podcast is fun sometimes. It's sad fun.
It's a lot of sad. It's a fun sad.
Right?
We laugh through our tears.
But they were worried
that and this is Dan's worry
they were worried that because I had said
it hurt my feelings that you talked about this
that Dan would stop talking about things like that
or he would censor himself.
And I wanted to say to that person
and every listener that
no he can talk about whatever he likes
and that's why I'm crazy in love with him
and I'm going to have all of his little weird babies
and
it's fine
and Duly noted.
But he talked about something
and it made you cry. You came out on stage and said
it's fine.
It's not fine.
It's not fine for someone crying.
I mean her coming out crying is fine.
Did someone say she's going to pay for it?
No.
They're just ordering wings.
They're here with their mom
and they're ordering wings.
Dan and I were just in London
and I fainted two times on the Jack the Ripper tour
so when I hear something like she's going to pay for it
I'm like holy fuck.
Stay out on the streets.
Yeah.
So Dan can say whatever he wants.
Here are some things we've been on the road
totally great
and wonderful
and it's been a lot of fun
but there are some unseen stresses.
She fell down you guys.
She fell down the stairs.
I thought that joke was obvious
because you're on my side now
and you're going everybody, Dan's great.
Great time
but clearly I'm an abusive boyfriend.
I'm a terrible person.
I'm a bad person.
You're not an abusive boyfriend.
Thank you.
You psychologically fell.
I don't want to continue this.
On to the doorknob
of Dan Harmon.
I don't want to blame things on my
hormones endlessly
because I don't want to fuck things up
for my sisters.
But if I did, if I go a little something
I like this.
Like the period wrap.
Oh shit.
Period wrap.
Keep it going.
I got to find it.
Where the fuck is it?
Period wrap.
Period.
I'm hitting it.
Ladies, I'm sorry
but I've been emotional.
Had my period and it wasn't casual.
I felt really bad and my stomach felt deep
like I had someone stomping
on my stomach. You know what I mean.
It feels terrible.
Sorry, this feels terrible.
A podcast that you can get on iTunes.
Find the host of that. Please listen to that.
Anyway, maybe I'm sorry.
Sorry about being emotional.
Hormones go up and down.
They're not casual.
Repeated rhyme, repeated rhyme.
Now that you're sorry
it forces me to beat on me
whereas you have ever beat on me
because I have to be self-loathing
so you figured out how to get the upper hand
with me all the time.
Which is by taking the low road.
So congratulations
and welcome to owning me forever.
I love you. Please don't dump me.
Breakdown.
Period wrap.
Period. Period.
Period.
I'm 6 months.
3 to 5 days.
Make some space.
Is it over?
Period.
And Franks.
I wanted to...
It was such a mainstream wrap,
I wanted to add a tinge of indie
just threw in a random thing.
Make it more of a Lena Dunnamie kind of fact and Frank died before she could have a period. Yeah
Maybe I don't know what being in love is but you're
Your guys version of being in love is fucking complex. I think it looks a lot
I think it's when two people love each other and themselves so much
They don't care about the entertainment of the whole world
I
I would like to conclude this bit and then to enter into Dungeons and Dragons
I would like to read the final email that I got very short
This is gonna be the one that says fuck Dan and you're gonna lose everybody
This is this is from a nice gentleman named Rob. Hi, Erin
I just wanted to let you know that the podcast apartment town from Pittsburgh brought me to tears
Not because you and Dan fought but because I recently got divorced and part of the reason we didn't stick together
Is that we never talked about how we really felt with each other like you and Dan are able to do
I know you feel insecure about your relationship with him
But I think you have a huge advantage and that you were able to express yourselves and let each other know how you feel
If you can do that, I'm sure that love will carry you carry you the rest of the way, Rob
Unsolicited email advice
But the kind you like it's the kind you like because it enables
Solicit it enables you complain about everything else with this be
Just tell me I'm pretty and I look thin today. I'll be fine
Spencer we're being attacked by menstruation
Looking at the calendar with a start you realize it's her time
Tiptoeing past the door you think you can make it down the stairs
But then you hear the shattering sound of porcelain on drywall
Oh, that's it
I know that the next round of emails is gonna be subject headings like just let Spencer talk and
Stop get Dan and Aaron off the stage
Yawn about the relationships
Send your emails to emegathy at gmail.com. Is that right?
Yeah
All right Spencer if you will at long fucking last take us up to date for the D&D campaign
After meeting up with a group of fish dwelling humans and stopping by their small village
This the group headed to the store to pick up some potions and some paralyzing injectors as well as a length of rope
They set off down in esophageal tube to fish south where the fabled Kenny either died or never existed in the lake of acid
Crossing the lake on tensors floating disc and entering a dangerously speedy sphincter
The group found themselves on a narrow ledge with a small campsite there. They met I can't remember his name
I'm gonna call him Thomas
The prince of some fiefdom or other I can't remember the list that valiscent
Valisthen, yeah, okay. Wait. Are you making this up? No, it's just I didn't write down names
I never do name his name is hardly the stage Spencer. I wrote it down to be improvised Spencer. I
Dan mocked me in Bloomington, but I wrote down as if it's valiscent was his name
See, yeah, see even that's mess up on my on my note behalf so valisthen the prince of the fiefdom
You gave yourself a jazz
It's hard as I've had many of my fingers are huge. How do you have time to take all those notes between creating all those anonymous email accounts I?
Would never reveal my secrets, mr. Harmon
Hey, Dan, uh, doll it back. Would you I?
Would love to
After being lured by talk of swords valisthen returned with the heroes to the small inner fish village
They were off to free themselves from the confines of the infinite fish
So you guys are in that village again remember you kind of went in a big circle after finding a valisthen
Okay, here's the deal. I just want to say something as a player at the table. All right
We are at the point the tour we're past the meeting of the goddess that much is probably clear
It's time to atone with the father that means accepting your own death
There's no better way to accept your own death than to give way to to to the you know
Like the father chrono slim the baby new year and the you know that like the snake sheds its skin
I want the part of Sharpie Buttsalot to be played for this segment in Chicago by Ben
My 16 year old self
15 and a half year old Ben, please come to the stage your sharpie Buttsalot
But I've been I've been stuck in this fish for three episodes. You're 16 15
Maybe you can figure it out. You've you've just started mutilating yourself and here you go. Here's the microphone
So are we you know fish? Yeah, have you ever played before? No, okay?
so basically you pretend what I'm saying is true and
And you act accordingly just like church. Yeah, just like church
This is great. Dan. He's he's Dan. He's funnier than you
Yeah, but my trick is since I framed it with like he's me
I
Become freedman Dan. I don't want to get super gross
If I did ever go a little something Ben looks identical to my first boyfriend Eric Eldard who showed me his penis in the shower
identical identical
Let a woman show you how to do things
I'm just kidding. How do we get these stripes off the sweater? I'm just kidding. I'm sorry. Please stop me
Wow, well, like I don't go to jail. Yeah, so
You know, I mean, I'm not I'm it's your fault
Are we playing the Indian we are
That won't stop me teaching your things now, okay
Something terrible is about to happen
All right, so Spencer we got the Prince Val valescent was his name valescent
Yes, and so he has the sword knowledge. He is the far sword capabilities the the power of the far sword
I say we you it's probably the right idea to go destroy this animal from the inside and let's march towards the heart of this beast
Absolutely positively. All right. Thank you, Ben. I mean I mean Sharpie Sharpie. Thank you, sir
Thank you Sharpie. Yes valescent grumbles
I don't know about killing this thing, but you do have to do some damage if you're gonna want to escape
Let's head fish West
Fish West I had fish West you guys had fish West
At the far wall of a vision visual the village you're met with what appears to be a largest meat curtain
This is your education wait, these things will happen. Don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah, it's a curtain of me
It's a curtain of me. All right. Don't think there was a sentience about it. It is part of a sentient being. Okay, because we're in fish
Yeah
They're not I'm almost certain. We're breaking some sort of law. Yeah. No, I understood. I understood that
I'm not bashful, but I think this is this is illegal
Wait, haven't we already but for the lack of a better word penetrated this meat curtain before
This is actually a different meat curtain. That's a new meat curtain. Okay. It's a new one meat curtains
All right. I have I approached the meat curtain boldly because I've I'm no stranger to the meat curtain and
and I
Boldly press myself through it
We all press ourselves boldly through the meat curtain. Oh, right. Yeah, let's do it together as a team
You stride through the folds of the meat curtains
Behind the curtain is a passage. It's relatively narrow, but still quite the wide considering it's inside of a living creature
From far off you can hear the thumping of hearts and the sloshing of blood being pumped through great veins and arteries
It's just like mine. Mm-hmm. I'd know apparently
The floor is slick and squishy and you find it quite difficult to stand up straight let alone move
You can see circular holes in the ground full of bubbling green acid
Through the passage is a larger curtain of meat
We have to cross a floor that's slick and it's got holes in it and acid is bubbling through it
Yeah, so it's full of acid holes
So Spencer, we need to go across
This this acid hole area, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay
Can I can I take my rope and tie it to an arrow and shoot it across the yeah, like in the ceiling and then swimming across like Star Wars?
Oh, okay, so do you want to attempt that?
Yes, yeah
Nope
Spencer Spencer. Yeah. No, I was about to
Spencer sorry game of Dungeons and Dragons you can take a 10 or a 20 a 10 is when you have a short amount of time devoted to a task
Like if you're tying your shoes and you had 20 minutes you could take a 10
You know that'll give you a decent success rate if it's not very difficult
You'll automatically pass if you have plenty of time like an hour or two you can take a 20
That means you automatically, you know as if you rolled a 20
But you require a long period of time and it can't be a task that you can fail at for instance falling and slipping in a pile of acid I
Applaud your efforts, sir
So is this a time to take a 20?
So if I take a 20, what's the what's the consequence in this case?
I'm gonna rule you can't take a 20 because the the the stakes are life and death
You don't have time to mess up and fix it wait. I got you. Yeah, go for it hypothetically
I have like a ray of frost thing because I listen to the podcast so can I
Try to cast a spell and build a bridge across the lava or whatever
All right, you can attempt it ray of frost is a rather weak spell. You're the best you can manage and make your bridge
I'm not literate. So that's fine. I mean, I'm there. There's tiny writing. Where are my skills your skills or your spells?
Yeah, go help them stand stand mentor. I'm gonna do something Dan
Be a father to your child
I'm so sorry
It's like adaptation. It's I think I think
Dan are you actually afraid of Ben a little bit?
There's all right, you're your spells your special abilities the spells are on a different page
Yeah, okay, that back page is all your spells, man
I'm helping
Here's a problem with the bet you can't yes
Okay, so all right, so can I I'm actually I've never I've never looked at sharpies. Yeah, you don't have
Spells, no, I don't have spells. Is there a way for me to make a bridge? There is no way for you to make a bridge
Spencer I have the I may I'm a plus nine for jump. Yep
Can I jump can I jump I try to jump across this expanse? Okay, the things 30 30 feet long
Like you can jump over individual puddles definitely, but I'm not sure
Okay, I'll say you can jump about a 30% of the way
Well, I jump I jumped to the first part of the to the first lily pad of whatever that is
You jump successfully
Okay, I have one more question never had a lesson my future self from the future
Appeared to me and suggested I use tensors floating disc. Yeah possible for me to like put that ahead of
Quark quark so that when he next jumps he can land on it and then like somehow move it again
So that we sort of hopscotch McRoss. Yeah, I were to advise that strategy
I'd put it right over one of those holes of acid so like he could just like step lightly upon it, okay, so I
Cast tensors floating disc waving your hands in a magical manner a shimmering disc appears
Okay, Ben today you are a man
Thank you
This is your harm mince for
Trademark
The court the quark, that's your name. Yes, yeah court you see a tensors floating disc
I
Is I jump upon it you jump upon it?
You are upon a tensors floating disc above a pile of acid. I can I jump to the next to the next place?
You're struck by a tentacle that whips out of a wall with a flash
Oh, it grabs you by the ankle. I take an arrow. You take an arrow. I shoot the arrow at the tentacle
He won't appreciate it, but I'll do it
Critical hit
Yeah, because you shot one arrow
Your arrow slices through the air cleaving the tentacle in twain
Sharp or quark is released falling on to the tensors floating disc. Okay. I cast the thing against we lands on it
Oh, it's already there. It's still there. It just falls. So what's in front of me? Can I jump to the end of the expanse?
You can jump most of the way
Sounds like a bad idea wait
Is there a way for me to simultaneously move the thing forward as he jumps so they're both in there at the same time
So he lands on it as he lands and then can then jump and finish you can move it with him on it without
Sharpie you you move it. I don't have to jump so much. Okay. All right
How about this you move it? I'll jump
I said, I'll wait until half of the movement and I'll jump the rest of the way time it so that
Just Kenny. Can I move just moving forward? I have arrows
Yes
What?
Yeah, yeah, he could just move you could just move me all the way across
Hey, Ben, your dad's cool, right?
All right, yay, okay cool quark is across the passage. I'm across the passage
You see a large curtain of meat. Thank you, sir
But what about you guys what just happened? Oh, fuck them. Can we wait? Can I?
Can we just like various back and forth with the floating disc? Yeah, I I said I
Harness all of my training at frisbee golf and I send the floating disc. Yay
Back towards Sharpie and Mulraine
You take five hot shot
That happens, okay, so they have a disc now. Yeah, all right
Yep, so but they have to get on it. I think Mulraine is still reduced by the way like you're short right now
Okay, is that we both fit? That's cool. Yeah, it's fine. I'm a little pocket. Can you put me in your pocket? Not that small
Calm down. Oh, you're quark-sized but in any case
We're both small people because I'm young Dan Harmon now the young Sharpie Buttsalot now
So, I don't know what game you're playing but the time continuity marches on you you're Sharpie Buttsalot
I jump on I jump on Sharpie's back. Okay, and okay. We go across. Yeah
That happens. Yay
Are they across are we all together? All right, so what are we looking at now a meat curtain a meat curtain?
another meat curtain yep, I
I
lubed myself up and I I
I I gently insert myself inside the meat curtain
easing yourself in
What what word a cleave cleave, okay, I I cleave the meat curtain
Easing yourself through the meat curtain you find yourself in a circular green room
Three bluish holes mark either or mark the wall ahead of you left right and center
Are
We all together
No, it's just you right now
Standing in the middle of the room is a strange tendril of flesh sprouting out of the ground on the end of which is a large eye
With a multicolored iris the eye sways back and forth ponderously
Where that's not an anatomy
So that I saw I'm in a room right now inside the meat curtain chamber three bluish holes
Yep, left right and center. Yeah, there's a giant tendril with a multicolored iris. I swaying ponderously in front of yeah
Yeah, I'm ponderously. I
Did it look like a foe it might very well be
Well, I think it's I should I invite the rest of the gang and I yell through the meat curtain
No, come on in the water is great
No, you slickly slide through the meat curtain sleep slickly you slide
You too see the thing same thing that I mentioned earlier
Can we can we try to communicate with it? Yeah, you have parts of charisma. Yeah, I'm like weirdly good at like this is like I
You understand I used if I use diplomacy on the on the the eyeball. Yeah, you don't speak the same language fuck. I
Should say it does not speak any language
Staring when I use wild empathy. Yeah, I do that
You can't get a read on it. Normally you tend to use body language to determine how an animal is feeling
But this is a giant eyeball on a staff or a stock Sharpie use one of your skills
Um
Wait, I can't make it sleep because do we need it extrapolate information from it or something?
It shoots a blue re being striking mole rain directly in the chest
You only take one damage calm down
All right, sorry, let me redo that sound effect
Ah, uh, I sleep sleep. Yeah sleep eyeball. He's entitled to a will-save
He passes. Oh
He shrugs off the sleep
All right, I'm gonna have to do this and I I try not to
Try not to fly off in a rage, but I go into a berserker rage and I
Go into berserker rage you hear the voice of Vellice it in your ears. Yes use the rage harness the rage
flaming sword
You strike directly on the eyelid
With a reflex it manages to shut its eyes. So you haven't damaged its eye. However, you do deal
11 damage 11 damage
Hey Sharpie really quick while we're alone. Are we cool?
Okay, okay, okay, I'll buy you a bouquet of giant fish monster flowers. Okay, sounds like you really understand women. I do
Look at the sweater look at this sweater
Is is he still hitting the eye with the sword he's he's completed his strike. It's your turn Sharpie Sharpie, okay
Scorching all right. Thank you. My Obi-Wan conscious appears to me once again in a ghostly haze to my they're out of my vision
It's not the voices again. It's the ghostly conscious. I
What burning burning gray?
scorching ray
Casting your arms in a magical manner several bursts of fire streak forts
Oh, they strike it directly in the stock. It's engulfed in flames for a brief moment
Before taking five damage
Five damage, so it's got 16 hits right now. Yep. All right Mulrainee. Yeah, nope
The eye sways ponderously and its iris changes to green
Quark
Even though you're in the throes of a barbarian rage, you can't help but stare longingly at the eye
You find yourself compelled to attack your friends. No
I already rolled the will save you got a four
Is he attacking us now?
Is there anything I can do in my defense you can attack the you know your friends I
Don't attack my friends. All right. Well, you kind of have to I
I
Wait, I have to attack my friend being compelled by the magical eye to attack your friends
It seems like a good plan. I cast sleep. Can I make him sleep?
You cast a spell it would be him Mulrainee and then you again
What so it's quark's turn then Mulrainee then you can cast spell wait, but I don't want to attack my friends, right?
Well, that's the great thing about being charmed and compelled by other worldly forces. You could do things you don't want to I
throw a
Portable hole in front of me and fall into it. So I can I miss my attack
No, oh dice you fall into a portable hole
Two people just intercepted my air high five
We're cool Jeff. All right, cool. Mulrainee
Go
gosh, well, I
I shoot an arrow
I
That I still like looking around right yeah, can I use wild empathy? No, I already did that. Can I I'll shoot gosh
I'm sorry guys. I I I shoot two arrows at the eye
One at the island and one at the eyeball and as I'm shooting I slow-motion say
Both of your arrows hit their mark
Dealing 13 damage to the eye
I
Summon monster. Okay, which monster would you like to summon?
Someone my thank you someone monster, too
I think last time you had a fiendish squid and a celestial be
so
Either one what fiendish. All right, if you give me a second look up other things you can summon
Wait, does the squid is it doesn't like then die in front of me. Yeah, well
that's
That's me. That's they love it common morality's influx
Oh, is there a bad
I'm waiting is there not or like a cuddly furry animal. I'm gonna say yes gonna say okay, so I
Well, no, it makes sense because
You know that the animals never die. They never you never you never kill the dog
So that's in most media works, but you know, it's David
Yeah, okay. Do I have that do you have what a mannequin leg? Nope
Then what okay? All right. Well, then I summon Badger. Okay. You summon a dire Badger
Standing before you the divide the Divire Badger waits for its orders
We could take care of him
The Badger adorably hits the eye with its finger tail. Oh, bye. It attempts to claw the eye, but fails
All that
Spencer, what is my power bracelet do it gives you plus two to strength? I see
What is how to have disguise it lets you disguise yourself is another humanoid?
That's not gonna work
You feel compelled to attack your teammates
Again, what do I keep doing that because you're still compelled. Oh, I don't you
Seeing as how you're stuck in a pit that that works. Okay good
That would put it at the eye stocks turn
It's eyeball turns red and it stares directly at Sharpie
It shoots a red gaze at you, but you shrug it off
Who's turn is it sharpies sharpies. Yeah, sorry. Oh, okay, so I charm
The the small the the quark quark. Yep. Yep. All right quark can willingly fail his
Will save to be afflicted by your charm spells. So he's back on your side
Although still in a portable hole
All right, I shoot
To sleep arrows to sleep arrows at the eye
Both of this sleep arrows impact the creature
You feel its eyes grow heavy and it falls to the ground
Little it's asleep
I have a question is she still reduced through all of this. Yep. Okay, cool. I was just being bothered by the power attack
You're in a hole. Huh? You're in a hole. I get out of the hole
Wait, how does he do?
Sharpie a little help get me out of the hole. I wait just to just reach down and pull me out of the hole
Yeah, I reached on and pull him out of the hole. Oh, I have a rope
You pull him out of the hole. All right. Yeah, I take my sword my great sword and go into a power attack
All right, automatically confirm critical hit
Whoa, you deal 20 damage severing the eye
Excellent
There could be only one I
Smell Sharpie's hair and smile
It smells kind of like fish guts so to so do we kill the eye stock you killed the eye stock
All right
Do you want to pick like there's three paths if you want to like pick or a
Vallicence around also is now a good time for a cliffhanger. Yeah
Special everybody
Let's have a hand for young Dan Harmon Ben
Whoa Ben Harmon
Whoa, thank you, sir
Erin McGathy everybody Erin McGathy
Thank you, Ben what a good sport
Ben always respect women and
and
Don't drink too much and
and and and and and right right drafts quickly like
Just get through a get through a bad one first and you can always rewrite it later. Just trying to think of everything I do wrong
The man who is requesting chicken noodle chicken noodle man a chicken chicken noodle dick, right?
Here I am
They got a dick. I got a chicken noodle can all my life
I've been pushing like an inside my chicken noodle wife chicken noodle man come down from the mountain same chicken noodle man
You gotta work all day chicken noodle man
You gotta cross the river Jordan's eat the devil soup until your troubles go away soup to the bowl bowl to the spoon
Spoon to the mouth you're gonna get well soon
You gotta get some bed rest sleep until noon drink a cup of coffee then head to the saloon saying chicken noodle guy
Come down from the mountain saying chicken noodle man. You gotta work all day
Chicken noodle man. You gotta cross the river Jordan feed the devil soup until your troubles go away
Well the wind blows out then come what may my chicken noodle wife. Let me trust the other day
There's not much else I can do but pray my chicken noodle man. You gotta work all day
Chicken noodle guy come down from the mountain saying chicken noodle man
You gotta work all day chicken noodle man. You gotta cross the river Jordan feed the devil soup until your troubles go away
Pringles some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really found out why I
Don't really have a Pringles dick. I just keep my dick inside
Bow bow bow I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis safe and dry
Some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really found out
We're becoming Van Halen minus the play the heads my
mind minus the body of work
All right, what lessons have we learned it? What are you crying? Where are you crying out?
Ragnarack was it was a mama rap. Oh mama rap. I
Mean, I don't know if you guys are all caught up on the podcast history. I'm getting worse and worse at
Wrapping
Partly because you know like my uno cards of rhyming like mouth and south. We know that
balls Niagara Falls
Maybe that means you guys can help me out. Maybe that's
There's a really good chance if I say mouth I'm probably gonna say then don't say mouse vice versa
Don't say but if I if I think twice about anything then it's all fucked like that. Is anybody here an actual rapper
Is it any freestyle? Where's Chicago?
That's an ancient shot of this guy's hand shot. He's got blonde Eminem Harry's a little bit of an early early Eminem luck
All right, let's
I'm totally is this on yeah, what's your name? Is it on?
There you go. Sweet. I'm totally bluffing by the way
Well, I mean do you want to give it a shot though? Yeah, I do give me some free. Do you ever freestyle or are you just both?
Sometimes, you know, like when I'm alone successfully, they will turn on you like a fucking pit of vipers
I don't care like they they support people who come up earnestly. I'm I'm a rapper who just looks way on stage
I love haters. Okay. Well, yeah
Do it show me
Okay, you guys know the refrain to this
Yo boomy cuz I fucked your mom
I'm gonna fuck her real hard and then I'm gonna go to the store by some apples
But on her face, she's gonna be just crazy
But I fuck her like she was a dog and then I'll be
You love sexist, but I don't even care you boo me
But I'm not even scared of your hate because it's not my fate to be brought down by you
I'm gonna hit you in my face with my fucking shoe
You
On stage and doing a rap and it's kind of a piece of crap, but that's fine
I don't care. I'm okay with the guy and then
Look at me. I'm fly the Superman in the sky real high, but I don't have a cape cuz
It's why I don't have a cape. I don't know
Thank you though, what was your name?
Alex. All right, Alex. I'm Alex. Thanks. Thank you. I don't necessarily a villain. We have a gentleman, right?
I think Alex everybody
Contestant number one. Well, thank you, brother. Is this big?
This is the gong sure evening at the Apollo. There's a are you raising your hand like oh, I thought you were like
You're ordering a drinker. Okay. Is there anybody else? I think they can outdo it. I
For real, but you can
All right, we got we got we got okay. We got a hand in the back. I feel I want to put
I want to I want to discover like a like a fucking
You have a new challenge a hero. Yeah
All right, what is your name?
Mason. All right, Mason, everybody
All right
Let's pick up an MTV pilot
Hello, all right, let's give them a little chorus come on down
Town turn that frown upside down talent
I haven't fucked mom's it's 1968. I don't know why but that was pretty great
I got on the stage at Harmontown by my friends. I don't really have friends, but
both
All right, okay, I try to tweet but I don't think I'm that good
I got a favor from Dan Harmon. So I maybe I should continue to do my thing maybe not
I think sponsors on the stage. What's up, dude? I like your beard
All right, get the next one up here get it get it. Let's get the let's make the rotation faster. Thank you, Mason
Mason
You're not a bad person. You're not a bad person. Who's up next? Who's up next?
We're just gonna go faster. I want okay. All right. No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Follow my finger. Look what we got
Yeah, yeah, I'm pointing at you. You better. Oh shit. I don't want to be racist or anything, but
Of course, I'm pointing at you
What's your name?
What's that? Amad. Amad fucking awesome
Come on down to Harmontown turn that frown upside down raker
He is your poop is brown come on down to Harmontown
I need some words straight furs
Fuckin' them birds
What you know? Fuck what you heard?
Me then getting turds
Yeah, fuckin' them turds
Oh shit, the fuckin' turds
Eatin' birds and fuckin' turds
I need some words when I fuckin' turds like they were birds
I want some, get some wings gonna fly in the sky
I need some turds to eat but some poop gets in my eye
It goes into my eyeball and down my throat
Fucked your mama in a castle and her pussy was the moat
Come on down to Harmontown
Turn that frown upside down
Racer, he is yellow poop is brown
Black
Come on down to Harmontown
Yo, Bob, yo, go, go, go, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Fuck that mama, she was old mama
Then I said, oh shit, that's his mama
Damn, then she said drama
I was over that and I said mama
All right, all right, let's keep the road straight
All right, Abad everybody, Abad, let's hear from Abad
Abad, Abad, Abad, Abad
Who's the contender? Who's the contender?
Thank you, brother
God damn it
Anybody else?
We need a, we need a fuckin' hero here
All right, well this guy's been pretty patient
Yo, yo, yo, you are that
You're back there with the hat on
Oh, that's it
Come on down to Harmontown
What's your name, Nate?
Nate
Turn that frown upside down
He is yellow poop is brown
Boy, come on down to Harmontown
My mom told me not to rap on a stage right
She said, you're too white
You're gonna suffer from stage fright
I said, yeah, right, bitch
I'll put you back in your place right
I got this flight and I'm not about to die tonight
On this stage right
I said that twice too many times before
But my name is Nate
I'll fuckin' hit you to the floor
Harmontown
Turn that frown upside down
I couldn't climb for more
Because this dude cut me up
Shit, I'm better than all those other kids
Come on down to Harmontown
I'm the best, I'm the best
Let me know if that's it
Come on down upside down
One more
Turn that yellow poop is brown
Turn him down to Harmontown
One more, one more verse, wait, wait
All right, one more verse, yeah
You're up next
You're back
I'm gonna put up a line
Wait, wait, wait
All right, that didn't work out
All right
Nate, Nate, everybody
What's your name?
My name's Khalil, Khalil
Khalil
Khalil, Khalil, Khalil
Come on down to Harmontown
Khalil, turn that frown upside down
Khalil, this yellow poop is brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Showed up late to motherfucking Harmontown
I don't give a fuck, but I still got down
Got up on the motherfucking stage
And I'm still wearing the motherfucking crown
I stay real, I'm from the shot town
And I stay true
If you don't know about that trio shit
I come from the south, yes
And I'm on that peel shit
I don't give a fuck, yes, I'm on that peel shit
Come on down to Harmontown
Khalil, turn that frown upside down
Showed up late to motherfucking Harmontown
Come on down to Harmontown
Go, Jan
Yo, I'm on stage with Khalil
I'm a rapid motherfucker
That's how I feel
I've been made legit because his face is dark
I'm like in Central Park
I feel, I feel in bold
Feel the whiteness fading
I feel, I'm fucking your mama
Like my name was Kato Kaelin
I'm in your guest house, motherfucker
You murdered your wife
I'm gonna fuck like Chris Tucker
And come on down to Harmontown
Don't know what that means
Turn that frown upside down
Drunk piece, yellow poop is breached
Come on down to Harmontown
Go
When he talking that Chris Tucker
Something like rush shower
I don't give a fuck, nigga
I got some power
Yes, I'm straight going
Broom full of crackers
And I'm straight going
Yes, I got a bunch of backers
Something like a fire dancer
Call me Kickstarter
Yes, I'm straight, get dark
Yeah
Harder
Come on down to Harmontown
Stay
Everybody
Thank you for coming to Harmontown today
Thank you, Chicago
Kaleel
Thank you so much everybody here
In the episode
Whatever the fuck it's called
Second City
Take a bow
Thank you, Ben
Sean and Joe up there
In the sound of the lights
From the stage manager
One more time
Chicago
We fucking love you to pieces
Thank you
I'll sign whatever you bought out there
Dan Harmon, everybody
City of State
Driving all Shytown
Pia's yellow poop
His breath
Holy fuck, it is Shytown
Shytown
Gonna do the stage shot
Don't wanna let Brooklyn take you alive
Got my wallet in my pocket
Got my dick in my hand
Kaleel made me feel good
Feel like a man
I got one more black friend to put in my entourage
I wanna fuck your mama with a Thai massage
kept the stage going with an encore
Fuck your mama five times the bitch still wanted more
Come on down to Harmontown
Raise
Turn that frown upside down
Sorry
Pia's yellow poop is brown
Really sorry
Come on down to Harmontown
Thank you all
All right, all right, Kaleel
You